So I believe this 27 august 2013
not only the story of the
austria for the first time in the group phase
and with this evening of today's game
with this sensational audience in the
back and highest respect for the
Team respect for the coaching team
but with my beelitzer for all
Employees in the club fries even so hard
worked and that we harvest now
may you have so beautiful always
So it feels I have to be honest
as we have occurred today you have
just what a class
Team is after the trezia hands
I thought that would be difficult but
now she has the many analyzes
correctly I believe that the
then changes in the Dinamo Zagreb
have broken the flow of the game and ours
team came back once again
is and it is almost one
football fairy tale in Zagreb marin leovac
That's an important goal here
roman kienast the really a heavy one
has time or had at east
mention of power it is this
sculpture this 10,000,000 steps
but have already called that is the
football and that's austria vienna and me
I am just so crazy that
our way continues and that one for
hard work and if you have a plan
is also rewarded what does this mean
move into the champions league
Group phase for the future from
very important day because it of course to
financial consolidation extremely
Contributes but we also said we
do not get into one here
shopping spree expired
we have a great team
Of course, the transfer window is still
less days open but the body
but may react to the
Club evolve and we have
infrastructural at the academy
start still a lot before and this makes the
of course easier for those for
next year to stabilize the club
There have been a few in recent years
sleepless nights, we have one
big economic crisis behind us
but we brought ourselves continuously
developed and that today so rewarded
It's been wonderful for a long time now
announced that a possible
group stage of the champions league in
will be held happel stadium there
wish against hurry I said it
tommy parits says no matter what happens
I have to honestly say I would
wish you real or barca in the
have group
Of course, juve would be interesting as well
or dortmund with whom we were in 2008
principle with the opening of the grandstand
have started a new way here in the
stadium and then we said to the
the youth group and hans joachim
watzke would be nice even then leads
you can meet away in a champions
to be able to
maybe it will know Thursday was
thursday then the draw on 5
offers for fans abo actions so on
ready when then
speak one can buy the fan maps
So we already know that we are the
group stage in the capital and
We will wait now once
the draw and while you are
try as fast as possible
probably first on friday
to give information to the people and
then in the first week of september
wohlmann start with the presale
but when the austria fans about our
homepage
but of course also via tv and internet
inform immediately